when it's time to call your bag are you
gonna rely on something empty or
something 56 back from hefty fill it up
and it closes up reopen it and put in
more 50 50 FT wanna bag little clothes
every time then don't send a Wimpy bag
to do a Hep C job the amazing cinch sack
some hefty can a simple chicken achieve
grandeur presenting weight watchers
Imperial chicken or white meat and of
dark brown sauce with wild rice a dish
fit for a king
weight watches this is livin Americans
have enjoyed apple pie from the start
but it wasn't until now that Americans
could enjoy WeightWatchers apple pie
progress this delicious wear doesn't
happen overnight Weight Watchers this is
living a happy Valentine's Day nice way
for it to go the car is yours
congratulations you are the happy
Valentine's Day to you too Vanna White
same to you will you be my Valentine ah
thank you very much I didn't get you
anything I feel wait a minute
here there's a couple of bucks go get
something
Oh see on Monday
a serious catalog gift certificate a
spring catalog with over 1200 pages of
ideas the most complete catalog in
America there's more for your life at
Sears & Junior Mints creamy bite-size
Mints and real chocolate perfect as a
refreshing snack or holiday treat Junior
Mints in a variety of sizes and a gallon
of Dutch boy paint one coat interior
paint it never lets up it always looks
good he works hard for your money
dutchboy Canfield diet chocolate fudge
soda bubbling with chocolaty rich flavor
that lets you fill up without filling
out from candles and take the Pat out of
frying reduce calories with Missoula no
stick the only cooking spray made with
pure Mazola corn oil and bed sack great
idea and bed coverings provides luxury
upholstery for your old mattresses or
box springs and protection for new
furnace by bedside the prices of the
prizes were furnished to the contestants
prior to the show and it rounds it off
to the nearest dollar gift certificates
do not include sales tax I'm Tom Brokaw
poverty political arrest torture of
murder these are facts of life in Chile
one of the last dictatorships in South
America what has happened to the
American legacy there tonight on NBC
Nightly News and tonight it's all your
favorite Disney characters cut to the
music of Madonna Elvis Stevie Wonder
Lionel Richie you have mcc's Elton John
and more so rock with cartoon characters
and classic rock and roll on Disney's
DTV Valentine followed by Knight Rider
and hot action our Miami Vice
Wheel of Fortune is produced by Merv
Griffin enterprises